Release v3.5.2 (#65)
DeterminateSystems/nix-src: doc/manual/source/release-notes-determinate/changes.md

* `nix upgrade-nix` is now inert, and suggests using `determinate-nixd upgrade` -- [DeterminateSystems/nix-src#55](https://github.com/DeterminateSystems/nix-src/pull/55)

* Initial Lazy Trees support has been merged, but remains off by default. ([DeterminateSystems/nix-src#27](https://github.com/DeterminateSystems/nix-src/pull/27), [DeterminateSystems/nix-src#56](https://github.com/DeterminateSystems/nix-src/pull/56))

<!-- Determinate Nix version 3.5.2 -->

> * Fix emitting narHash in lock files when lazy trees are disabled by @edolstra in [DeterminateSystems/nix-src#63](https://github.com/DeterminateSystems/nix-src/pull/63)
> 
> * Improve 'cannot read file from tarball' error by @edolstra in [DeterminateSystems/nix-src#64](https://github.com/DeterminateSystems/nix-src/pull/64)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Tell users a source is corrupted ("cannot read file from tarball: Truncated tar archive detected while reading data"), improving over the previous 'cannot read file from tarball' error by @edolstra in [DeterminateSystems/nix-src#64](https://github.com/DeterminateSystems/nix-src/pull/64)
```
